[Kommander] Project Apps CLI, new note RE install & upgrade Apps (#4172)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/projects/applications/catalog-applications/index.md

## Upgrade catalog applications

> Before upgrading your catalog applications, verify the current and supported versions of the application. While platform applications must all have the same set and version of platform applications deployed, catalog applications are individual, so you can deploy and upgrade them individually for each project.

Reviewer: How about this instead?

```suggestion
Before upgrading your catalog applications, verify the current and supported versions of the application. Also, keep in mind the distinction between Platform applications and Catalog applications.   Platform applications are deployed and upgraded as a set for each cluster or workspace.  Catalog applications are deployed separately, so that you can deploy and upgrade them individually for each project.
```

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Catalog applications must be upgraded to the latest version BEFORE upgrading the Kubernetes version (or Konvoy version for managed Konvoy clusters) on attached clusters, due to the previous versions' incompatibility with Kubernetes 1.22.</p>

Reviewer: Is this true for all the Catalog applications?

Reviewer 2: yes, at least for 2.2, this affects all the catalog apps we provided in 2.1. this will not always be the case, so we'll likely update this messaging for 2.3

Reviewer: 👍

### Upgrade with CLI

> <!-- need to add instuctions and command -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Per Grace, for now we can use the following command (which needs to be changed before GA), but let's go ahead and document the procedure and then we can make a quick change to the cmd as necessary. -->

From the DKP CLI, use `DKP upgrade appdeployment` to upgrade a catalog application.

```

Author: @msdolbey @cneth - am I writing this accurately?

Reviewer: @Colin1841 - I haven't had a chance to try this yet.   Will test soon.

Reviewer 2: we are going to update `appdeployment` in the above commands to `catalogapp`
